{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \{"id":16,"key":"Soraka","name":"Soraka","title":"the Starchild","image":\{"full":"Soraka.png","sprite":"champion2.png","group":"champion","x":240,"y":96,"w":48,"h":48\},"skins":[\{"id":16000,"name":"default","num":0\},\{"id":16001,"name":"Dryad Soraka","num":1\},\{"id":16002,"name":"Divine Soraka","num":2\},\{"id":16003,"name":"Celestine Soraka","num":3\}],"lore":"A healer gifted with the magic of the stars, Soraka holds all living creatures close to her heart. She was once a celestial being, but she sacrificed her immortality and entered the world of mortals. So long as evil threatens life in Valoran, Soraka will not allow herself peace.<br><br>Soraka lived for centuries in an enchanted grove. A being of the stars, she healed the wounded and sick that sought her out. One man called Warwick came to her grove and begged her to heal his wife, who lay lifeless in his arms. His despair touched Soraka's heart. Though it was too late to save his wife, she offered to help heal the pain of his loss. Unwilling to let go of his grief Warwick ran from the grove, but returned over the following days to hear Soraka's guidance. She began to grow attached to the grieving man. One day Warwick told her he had found the men who killed his wife. He believed revenge would heal his pain - and if he died fighting, he would at least find peace. Though she pleaded with him, Warwick ignored her and left the grove. The voices of the stars warned her not to follow him, but Soraka had to intervene.<br><br>She stepped into the mortal world for the first time, and soon found Warwick desperately fighting a group of men. She tried to heal him, but for every wound she closed, the men inflicted two more. Soraka realized that she would have to fight to save her friend. The stars screamed in her mind, telling her not to use her powers for harm. Ignoring their warning, she struck the attackers with a flash of brilliant light. Crying out in terror and shielding their eyes from her divine radiance, they fled. Soraka's celestial form faded and the stars fell silent - for her transgression, she became mortal. She still felt the power of the stars within her, but they no longer offered her guidance. She took comfort in Warwick's safety, gently healing his wounds, but the man she had called her friend slipped a dagger between her ribs. As her blood spilled, Soraka realized he had fooled her, and everything he had done was a complicated ruse. Feeling humiliated and betrayed she called once more on the power of the stars, searing his flesh and cursing his cruelty. He retreated with an agonized howl, leaving Soraka to reflect upon her fate. Though her life had changed, she felt empowered and renewed with a singular purpose. No longer bound to the grove, Soraka set out into the mortal world, vowing to heal the wounded and protect the helpless.<br><br>''The cruelty of one will not blind me to the suffering of many.''<br>-- Soraka","blurb":"A healer gifted with the magic of the stars, Soraka holds all living creatures close to her heart. She was once a celestial being, but she sacrificed her immortality and entered the world of mortals. So long as evil threatens life in Valoran, Soraka ...","allytips":["Soraka is a powerful ally in battle, using her healing and Mana restoration spells to keep the party moving forward.","You can use Wish on your allies from across the map to save them from otherwise fatal events.","Starcall's damage can really add up when used consecutively."],"enemytips":["Focus on attacking Soraka if she ever ventures to the frontline in a team fight.","Soraka's healing powers are increased when her ally's health is low, so consider saving an Ignite to help counter this effect.","Watch out for Soraka's Starcall debuff - the negative magic resist can begin to add up."],"tags":["Support","Mage"],"partype":"Mana","info":\{"attack":2,"defense":5,"magic":7,"difficulty":3\},"stats":\{"armor":17.0,"armorperlevel":3.8,"attackdamage":48.8,"attackdamageperlevel":3.0,"attackrange":550.0,"attackspeedoffset":0.0,"attackspeedperlevel":2.14,"crit":0.0,"critperlevel":0.0,"hp":405.0,"hpperlevel":76.0,"hpregen":4.5,"hpregenperlevel":0.55,"movespeed":340.0,"mp":240.0,"mpperlevel":60.0,"mpregen":6.8,"mpregenperlevel":0.65,"spellblock":30.0,"spellblockperlevel":0.0\},"spells":[\{"name":"Starcall","description":"A shower of stars falls from the sky, striking all nearby enemies for magic damage and reducing their Magic Resist for a short duration. If Starcall hits an enemy champion the cooldown on Astral Blessing is reduced.","sanitizedDescription":"A shower of stars falls from the sky, striking all nearby enemies for magic damage and reducing their Magic Resist for a short duration. If Starcall hits an enemy champion the cooldown on Astral Blessing is reduced.","tooltip":"Strikes all nearby enemies dealing \{\{ e1 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a1 \}\})</span> magic damage, and reduces their Magic Resist by \{\{ e4 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a2 \}\})</span> for \{\{ e3 \}\} seconds (stacks up to \{\{ e5 \}\} times).<br><br>If Starcall hits at least one enemy champion, Astral Blessing's cooldown is reduced by \{\{ e2 \}\}%.","sanitizedTooltip":"Strikes all nearby enemies dealing \{\{ e1 \}\} (+\{\{ a1 \}\}) magic damage, and reduces their Magic Resist by \{\{ e4 \}\} (+\{\{ a2 \}\}) for \{\{ e3 \}\} seconds (stacks up to \{\{ e5 \}\} times). If Starcall hits at least one enemy champion, Astral Blessing's cooldown is reduced by \{\{ e2 \}\}%.","leveltip":\{"label":["Damage","Astral Blessing Reduction","Mana Cost"],"effect":["\{\{ e1 \}\} -> \{\{ e1NL \}\}","\{\{ e2 \}\}% -> \{\{ e2NL \}\}%","\{\{ cost \}\} -> \{\{ costnNL \}\}"]\},"image":\{"full":"Starcall.png","sprite":"spell8.png","group":"spell","x":336,"y":144,"w":48,"h":48\},"resource":"\{\{ cost \}\} Mana","maxrank":5,"cost":[30,40,50,60,70],"costType":"Mana","costBurn":"30/40/50/60/70","cooldown":[2.5,2.5,2.5,2.5,2.5],"cooldownBurn":"2.5","effect":[[40.0,65.0,90.0,115.0,140.0],[10.0,11.25,12.5,13.75,15.0],[5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0],[6.0,6.0,6.0,6.0,6.0],[10.0,10.0,10.0,10.0,10.0]],"effectBurn":["","40/65/90/115/140","10/11.25/12.5/13.75/15","5","6","10"],"vars":[\{"key":"a1","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.4]\},\{"key":"a2","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.01]\}],"range":[675,675,675,675,675],"rangeBurn":"675","key":"Starcall"\},\{"name":"Astral Blessing","description":"Soraka blesses a friendly unit, restoring Health and increasing Armor for a short time.","sanitizedDescription":"Soraka blesses a friendly unit, restoring Health and increasing Armor for a short time.","tooltip":"Restores \{\{ e1 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a1 \}\})</span> Health, and temporarily grants \{\{ e2 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a2 \}\})</span> bonus Armor to an ally for \{\{ e3 \}\} seconds.","sanitizedTooltip":"Restores \{\{ e1 \}\} (+\{\{ a1 \}\}) Health, and temporarily grants \{\{ e2 \}\} (+\{\{ a2 \}\}) bonus Armor to an ally for \{\{ e3 \}\} seconds.","leveltip":\{"label":["Health Restored","Armor","Mana Cost"],"effect":["\{\{ e1 \}\} -> \{\{ e1NL \}\}","\{\{ e2 \}\} -> \{\{ e2NL \}\}","\{\{ cost \}\} -> \{\{ costnNL \}\}"]\},"image":\{"full":"AstralBlessing.png","sprite":"spell8.png","group":"spell","x":384,"y":144,"w":48,"h":48\},"resource":"\{\{ cost \}\} Mana","maxrank":5,"cost":[80,100,120,140,160],"costType":"Mana","costBurn":"80/100/120/140/160","cooldown":[20.0,20.0,20.0,20.0,20.0],"cooldownBurn":"20","effect":[[70.0,120.0,170.0,220.0,270.0],[50.0,65.0,80.0,95.0,110.0],[2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0,2.0]],"effectBurn":["","70/120/170/220/270","50/65/80/95/110","2"],"vars":[\{"key":"a1","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.35]\},\{"key":"a2","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.15]\}],"range":[750,750,750,750,750],"rangeBurn":"750","key":"AstralBlessing"\},\{"name":"Infuse","description":"Restores Mana to an ally, or deals damage to an enemy and silences them for a short duration.","sanitizedDescription":"Restores Mana to an ally, or deals damage to an enemy and silences them for a short duration.","tooltip":"<span class=\\"colorCCFF99\\">On Ally Cast:</span> Donates up to <span class=\\"color44DDFF\\">\{\{ f3 \}\}</span> Mana to restore <span class=\\"color44DDFF\\">\{\{ f4 \}\}</span> Mana (\{\{ e5 \}\} plus 5% of Soraka's maximum Mana) to an ally Champion.<br><br><span class=\\"colorFF9999\\">On Enemy Cast:</span> Costs 50 Mana. Deals \{\{ e3 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a1 \}\})</span> <span class=\\"color44DDFF\\">(+\{\{ f1 \}\})</span> magic damage to an enemy and silences them for \{\{ e2 \}\} seconds.","sanitizedTooltip":"On Ally Cast: Donates up to \{\{ f3 \}\} Mana to restore \{\{ f4 \}\} Mana (\{\{ e5 \}\} plus 5% of Soraka's maximum Mana) to an ally Champion. On Enemy Cast: Costs 50 Mana. Deals \{\{ e3 \}\} (+\{\{ a1 \}\}) (+\{\{ f1 \}\}) magic damage to an enemy and silences them for \{\{ e2 \}\} seconds.","leveltip":\{"label":["Mana Restored","Damage","Silence Duration"],"effect":["\{\{ e5 \}\} -> \{\{ e5NL \}\}","\{\{ e3 \}\} -> \{\{ e3NL \}\}","\{\{ e2 \}\} -> \{\{ e2NL \}\}"]\},"image":\{"full":"InfuseWrapper.png","sprite":"spell12.png","group":"spell","x":0,"y":48,"w":48,"h":48\},"resource":"Variable Mana Cost","maxrank":5,"cost":[0,0,0,0,0],"costType":"VariableManaCost","costBurn":"0","cooldown":[0.0,0.0,10.0,0.0,0.0],"cooldownBurn":"0/0/10/0/0","effect":[[5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0],[1.5,1.75,2.0,2.25,2.5],[40.0,70.0,100.0,130.0,160.0],[5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0,5.0],[20.0,40.0,60.0,80.0,100.0],[10.0,10.0,10.0,10.0,10.0]],"effectBurn":["","5","1.5/1.75/2/2.25/2.5","40/70/100/130/160","5","20/40/60/80/100","10"],"vars":[\{"key":"a1","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.4]\},\{"key":"f1","link":"mana","coeff":[0.05]\}],"range":[725,725,725,725,725],"rangeBurn":"725","key":"InfuseWrapper"\},\{"name":"Wish","description":"Soraka fills her allies with hope, instantly restoring Health to herself and all friendly champions.","sanitizedDescription":"Soraka fills her allies with hope, instantly restoring Health to herself and all friendly champions.","tooltip":"Calls upon divine powers to instantly restore \{\{ e1 \}\} <span class=\\"color99FF99\\">(+\{\{ a1 \}\})</span> Health to all allied Champions.","sanitizedTooltip":"Calls upon divine powers to instantly restore \{\{ e1 \}\} (+\{\{ a1 \}\}) Health to all allied Champions.","leveltip":\{"label":["Health Restored","Cooldown"],"effect":["\{\{ e1 \}\} -> \{\{ e1NL \}\}"," \{\{ cooldown \}\} -> \{\{ cooldownnNL \}\}"]\},"image":\{"full":"Wish.png","sprite":"spell9.png","group":"spell","x":0,"y":0,"w":48,"h":48\},"resource":"\{\{ cost \}\} Mana","maxrank":3,"cost":[100,100,100],"costType":"Mana","costBurn":"100","cooldown":[160.0,145.0,130.0],"cooldownBurn":"160/145/130","effect":[[150.0,250.0,350.0],[120.0,90.0,60.0],[250.0,350.0,450.0]],"effectBurn":["","150/250/350","120/90/60","250/350/450"],"vars":[\{"key":"a1","link":"spelldamage","coeff":[0.55]\}],"range":[25000,25000,25000],"rangeBurn":"25000","key":"Wish"\}],"passive":\{"name":"Salvation","description":"Soraka's Health and Mana restoring abilities are 1% more powerful for each 2% Health or Mana the target is missing.","sanitizedDescription":"Soraka's Health and Mana restoring abilities are 1% more powerful for each 2% Health or Mana the target is missing.","image":\{"full":"Soraka_Passive.png","sprite":"passive4.png","group":"passive","x":0,"y":0,"w":48,"h":48\}\},"recommended":[\{"champion":"Soraka","title":"SorakaHA","type":"riot","map":"12","mode":"ARAM","priority":false,"blocks":[\{"type":"starting","items":[\{"id":1001,"count":1\},\{"id":3028,"count":1\},\{"id":2003,"count":3\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"essential","items":[\{"id":3098,"count":1\},\{"id":3158,"count":1\},\{"id":3116,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"offensive","items":[\{"id":3174,"count":1\},\{"id":3001,"count":1\},\{"id":3089,"count":1\},\{"id":3151,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"defensive","items":[\{"id":3157,"count":1\},\{"id":3023,"count":1\},\{"id":3092,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"Consumables","items":[\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\}]\}]\},\{"champion":"Soraka","title":"SorakaDM","type":"riot","map":"8","mode":"ASCENSION","priority":false,"blocks":[\{"type":"starting","items":[\{"id":1001,"count":1\},\{"id":2003,"count":2\},\{"id":1063,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"essential","items":[\{"id":3158,"count":1\},\{"id":3152,"count":1\},\{"id":3029,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"offensive","items":[\{"id":3165,"count":1\},\{"id":3116,"count":1\},\{"id":3090,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"defensive","items":[\{"id":3110,"count":1\},\{"id":3001,"count":1\},\{"id":3065,"count":1\},\{"id":3176,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"Consumables","items":[\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\}]\}]\},\{"champion":"Soraka","title":"SorakaDM","type":"riot","map":"8","mode":"ODIN","priority":false,"blocks":[\{"type":"starting","items":[\{"id":1001,"count":1\},\{"id":2003,"count":2\},\{"id":1063,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"essential","items":[\{"id":3158,"count":1\},\{"id":3152,"count":1\},\{"id":3029,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"offensive","items":[\{"id":3165,"count":1\},\{"id":3116,"count":1\},\{"id":3090,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"defensive","items":[\{"id":3110,"count":1\},\{"id":3001,"count":1\},\{"id":3065,"count":1\},\{"id":3176,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"Consumables","items":[\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\}]\}]\},\{"champion":"Soraka","title":"SorakaFIRSTBLOOD","type":"riot","map":"12","mode":"FIRSTBLOOD","priority":false,"blocks":[\{"type":"starting","items":[\{"id":2044,"count":1\},\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":3342,"count":1\},\{"id":3301,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"essential","items":[\{"id":3096,"count":1\},\{"id":1001,"count":1\},\{"id":2049,"count":1\},\{"id":3028,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"ability_scaling","items":[\{"id":3174,"count":1\},\{"id":3116,"count":1\},\{"id":3151,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"defensive","items":[\{"id":3110,"count":1\},\{"id":3065,"count":1\},\{"id":3069,"count":1\},\{"id":3111,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"Consumables","items":[\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\},\{"id":2044,"count":1\},\{"id":2043,"count":1\}]\}]\},\{"champion":"Soraka","title":"SorakaTT","type":"riot","map":"10","mode":"CLASSIC","priority":false,"blocks":[\{"type":"starting","items":[\{"id":1001,"count":1\},\{"id":1056,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"essential","items":[\{"id":3158,"count":1\},\{"id":3028,"count":1\},\{"id":3152,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"offensive","items":[\{"id":3165,"count":1\},\{"id":3116,"count":1\},\{"id":3090,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"defensive","items":[\{"id":3110,"count":1\},\{"id":3001,"count":1\},\{"id":3065,"count":1\}]\},\{"type":"Consumables","items":[\{"id":2003,"count":1\},\{"id":2004,"count":1\}]\}]\}]\}}